.\" Manpage for dmg2dir (English).
.TH DMG2DIR 1 "September 2018" "3.1.0" "DMG2DIR manual"
.SH NAME
dmg2dir \- extract macOS applications from DMG file.
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBdmg2dir\fR [\fIOPTIONS\fR] dmg_file.dmg
.SH DESCRIPTION
DMG2DIR is a shell script which extract macOS application from a DMG file. Without any option, DMG file will be extracted in a directory (called application directory).
.SH OPTIONS
.B \-n, \-\-name
.RS 4
Custom name for application directory.
Set application directory name. If not specified, default value is the name of DMG file.
.RE
.PP
.B \-p, \-\-path
.RS 4
Custom path for application directory.
Set where to save files. If not specified, default value is the same directory as DMG file.
.RE
.PP
.B \-t, \-\-tmp
.RS 4
Custom temporary directory.
Set where to save temporary files. Default value is \fI/tmp/dmg2dir\fR.
\fBWarning:\fR large files can saturate memory if \fI/tmp\fR is mounted as \fBtmpfs\fR.
.RE
.PP
.B \-r, \-\-run
.RS 4
Attempt to run extracted application.
If \fBDarling\fR is installed, try to run the extracted application.
\fBNote:\fR Cannot be used with \fB--iso-only\fR.
.RE
.PP
.B \-i, \-\-iso
.RS 4
Generate an ISO file from IMG file.
If \fBGenisoimage\fR is installed, convert DMG file to an ISO file besides the application directory.
.RE
.PP
.B \-d, \-\-iso-only
.RS 4
Same as \fB--iso\fR, without creating application directory.
If \fBGenisoimage\fR is installed, convert DMG file to an ISO file. No application directory will be created.
.RE
.PP
.B \-q, \-\-quiet
.RS 4
Be silent.
Run without printing anything.
.RE
.PP
.B \-v, \-\-verbose
.RS 4
Be verbose.
Print more output during processing.
Use \fB-vv\fR to increase verbosity.
.RE
.PP
.B \-V, \-\-version
.RS 4
Display script version and exit.
.RE
.PP
.B \-h, \-\-help
.RS 4
Display help and exit.
.RE
.PP
.B \-\-overwrite-img
.RS 4
Overwrite existing IMG file.
Replace IMG file if it already exists, otherwise skip extraction.
.RE
.PP
.B \-\-overwrite-dir
.RS 4
Overwrite existing application directory.
Replace application directory if it already exists.
Use \fB--name\fR or \fB--path\fR if you want to extract DMG file without overwriting application directory.
.RE
.PP
.B \-\-overwrite-iso
.RS 4
Overwrite existing ISO file.
Replace ISO file if it already exists.
Use \fB--name\fR or \fB--path\fR if you want to extract DMG file without overwriting ISO file.
.RE
.SH EXIT STATUS
.B 0
Successful program execution.
.RE
.PP
.B !0
Failed program execution.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.B DEBUG
.RS 4
If $\fBDEBUG\fR is set, print every command executed.
.RE
.SH BUGS
Please report bugs by opening a new issue here: \fIhttps://github.com/X0rg/dmg2dir/issues\fR.
.SH AUTHOR
Xorg (https://github.com/X0rg/dmg2dir)
